---
title:  "📢 Announcing QAF BDD2 - Taking Behavior-Driven Development to New Heights!"
published: true
permalink: latest/qaf-gherkin-client.html
summary: "Announcing QAF BDD2"
tags: [news, BDD2]
sidebar: qaf_latest-sidebar
folder: latest

---

We are thrilled to introduce [BDD2](https://qmetry.github.io/qaf/latest/bdd2.html), the latest advancement in the Qmetry Automation Framework (QAF) that redefines Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) for your testing needs. Building upon the success of QAF's BDD syntax, QAF's BDD2 brings a host of powerful features and enhancements to streamline your behavior-driven testing journey.

BDD2 is an enhanced syntax derived from QAF's BDD, JBehave, and Gherkin, designed to facilitate behavior-driven testing and test automation. BDD2 enhances the BDD experience, offering testers a rich set of features to create clear, expressive, and data-driven test scenarios. By utilizing custom metadata, parameterization, and data-driven testing, BDD2 empowers testers to achieve efficient and reliable behavior-driven test automation in their projects.

### Key Features of BDD2:

🌟 **Custom Metadata**: With BDD2, you can now add [custom metadata](https://qmetry.github.io/qaf/latest/bdd2-meta-data.html) to your scenarios, providing additional information and categorizing test cases. Easily group scenarios, set priority, and select tests based on specific criteria. This metadata allows users to categorize and manage scenarios effectively, enabling scenario selection, priority setting, and data provider definition.

🌟 **Parameter Support**: With BDD2, you can utilize parameters in step arguments, enhancing the flexibility and reusability of test scenarios. Parameters can be resolved with actual values during test execution, allowing for dynamic test cases.

🌟 **Data-Driven Testing**: BDD2 provides robust data-driven testing capabilities through embedded or external test data sources. You can use external test data from CSV, XML, JSON, Excel, or databases, or embed test data using the Examples keyword in scenario outlines.

🌟 **Background Support**: BDD2 supports the Background section, allowing you to define common steps that are executed before each scenario in a feature file. This promotes code reuse and reduces redundancy across scenarios.

🌟 **Compatibility and Flexibility**: BDD2 is compatible with QAF-Gherkin and other Gherkin editors, making it adaptable to various testing environments. The framework can be used with the TestNG runner using BDDTestFactory2 or with the Cucumber runner using QAF-cucumber.

QAF's BDD2 brings a higher level of expressiveness and efficiency to behavior-driven testing in the Quality Automation Framework. By leveraging custom metadata, parameterization, and data-driven testing, QAF-BDD2 enables testers to create clear, concise, and reusable test scenarios. This enhances collaboration between stakeholders, ensures better test coverage, and simplifies the maintenance of test automation suites.

Join us on this exciting journey with QAF and BDD2, where powerful features and enhanced capabilities take your behavior-driven testing to new heights. Embrace the efficiency, flexibility, and reliability of BDD2, and experience BDD like never before.

Upgrade your test automation experience today with QAF's BDD2 - Empowering your test scenarios, one step at a time! 🚀

{% include links.html %}
